1. Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
HTTP1.1:
It enables only a single connection for each request
It is a text based protocol. thus it can be inefficient in terms of parsing and transmitting.
It does not support explicit  prioritization of request.
In this headers are sent in a plain text and not compressed. which leads to reduntant of data transfer.
Transport Layer Security is optional here.
HTTP2:
It enables multiple requests and responses to be multiplexed over a single connection. It improves efficiency and latency.
It uses binary protocol method and thus it is more compact and efficient for both client and server process.
it allows prioritization of request and ensures more important ones to load first.
It supports for header compression and speeds up the loading of web pages.
It encourages the usage of TLS for improved security. But it is not mandatory here aswell.


2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Object in JS provides flexibility in structuring and organizing data. it is a non primitive data type and uses copy by reference by dafault.allows any data type to be part of it.It has Key value pair inside to it.

- We can create objects using either by object literals or using object constructor.
-we can access properties of object using dot notation.
- Objects in JS have methods associated with objects. it enables us to perform actions and provides functionality  related to the object.

4. Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address:

IP Address: 
IP - Internet Protocol
 it is a kind of label given to each and ever machine that is connected to the internet. It provides location address of computers. there aere 2 types in it IPV4 and IPV6.
It allows devises to communicate with each other via internet and helps us to identify and locating devices in a network.

Port:
It is a communication end point used by software to establish network connections. it allows multiple apps on a single device to communicate with other device over network.ports are identified by port numbers.
It ranges from 0 to 65535. ports from 0 to 1023 are well known and used for common services.

HTTP methods: Hypertext Transfer Protocol
it is a foundation for data communication on WWW.It facilitates transfer of information between browsers(clients).
Methods : 
GET: it requests data from a web page. information req only from servers.
POST : It is something like sublitting a data of user to process.
PUT : used to update specific resource or create new resource. Like updating age of an user.
DELETE : used to remove specific resource. deleting a record of a user.
HEAD : It is similar to GET, but retrives only headers not actual data. eg: checking if a resource has been modified or not.
OPTIONS : used to describe communication options to a resource.
PATCH : it is to patrtially modify specific data. Eg: updating a specific data of an resource.
TRACE : It is for diagnostic purpose to trace the request. Eg: to check path of a request.
